{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss \fcharset0 \fprq2 Verdana;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\notabind\margl1440\margr1440\hyphhotz936\ftnbj\fet2\ftnrstpg\aftnnar\viewkind1\subfontbysize \sectd \sbknone\headery1440\footery1440\endnhere\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang4105  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}\pard \fs24\qj 
\tab \tab \tab \tab {\plain \fs24 \b\f1 ERMA PROETZ BIOGRAPHY}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab Mary Lee Taylor was the pseudonym for Mrs. Erma Proetz, a spokeslady \softline
and home economist for the Pet Milk Company. She developed many of the \softline
early recipes using Pet products.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab The Mary Lee Taylor Program was a radio recipe show hosted by Mrs. \softline
Proetz. The program, whose listening audience consisted of homemakers across \softline
the nation, aired from 1933 until 1954. The program featured a Dramatized \softline
Story of the Week, a Tested Recipe of the Week, meal planning, cookbook \softline
promotion and household hints. The first recipe was for pumpkin pie filling made \softline
with Pet Milk. There are several Pet Milk cookbooks from these two decades, \softline
which encompassed the Depression, World War II and part of the Baby Boom.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab During the period the nation was coping with the growing hardships of the \softline
Depression. Pet provided an important staple to American families and also was \softline
able to expand its service to consumers. Erma Proetz was instrumental in the \softline
area. Pet's entry into home economics activity was the result of her \softline
development of Gardner's first test kitchens. Her original recipes using Pet \softline
products were developed and continually refined. Mrs. Proetz's special style \softline
continued to make its mark as she created the radio personality, Mary Lee \softline
Taylor. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab Begun just before Thanksgiving 1933 as a twice-weekly 15-minute \softline
broadcast, the "Mary Lee Taylor Program" was a how-to show for the American \softline
homemaker. It featured Pet recipes and meal plans, promoted cookbooks and \softline
offered household hints. Her first recipe was for pumpkin pie filling using PET \softline
milk. It was destined to become an American favorite. During World War II, she \softline
offered listeners "recipes especially designed to help mothers give their families \softline
the most wholesome diet possible under rationing limitations." At the height of \softline
its popularity the show aired on almost 200 radio stations across the nation. \softline
When she went off the air after two decades, Mary Lee Taylor had received \softline
more than eight million requests for Pet recipes and other homemaking \softline
information. Through four long years of World War II, Pet did its part by \softline
supplying the GIs overseas, millions in the US, and the victims of war on two \softline
continents.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab For the Old Time Radio Researchers, I\'92m ________________, your \softline
announcer.\par
}}