{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss \fcharset0 \fprq2 Verdana;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\notabind\margl1440\margr1440\hyphhotz936\ftnbj\fet2\ftnrstpg\aftnnar\viewkind1\subfontbysize \sectd \sbknone\headery1440\footery1440\endnhere\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang4105  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}\pard \fs24
\par
\par
\pard \fs24\qc 
{\plain \fs30 \b\f1\fs30 Hume Cronyn Biography:}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \par
}\pard \fs24\qj 
{\plain \fs24 \f1 Born July 18 1911, Hume Cronyn was the son of a well-known Canadian  \softline
politician. At his father's insistence, he studied law at McGill University, but had \softline
by then already decided he wanted to be  an actor; he made his stage bow with \softline
the Montreal Repertory Company  at 19, while still a student. After taking \softline
classes at the American   Academy of Dramatic Arts and working with regional \softline
companies in Washington, DC and Virginia, Cronyn made it to Broadway in \softline
1934. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab His   first important role was as the imbibing, jingle-writing hero of  Three \softline
Men on a Horse, directed and co-written by George Abbott. He remained with \softline
Abbott to work in Room Service and Boy Meets Girl - not only establishing \softline
himself as a versatile stage actor but also gleaning a lifelong appreciation of \softline
strict artistic discipline from  the authoritarian Mr. Abbott. Cronyn went from \softline
one taskmaster to  another when he made his film debut in Alfred Hitchcock's \softline
Shadow of  a Doubt. The 32-year-old Cronyn quietly stole several scenes in the  \softline
film as a fiftyish mystery-novel fanatic. Cronyn would remain beholden to \softline
Hitchcock for the rest of his career: He acted in  Hitchcock's Lifeboat (1944) \softline
and worked several times thereafter on  the director's TV series; he adapted \softline
the stage play Rope and the novel Under Capricorn for Hitchcock's filmizations; \softline
and he sprang to the late director's defense when a dubious biography of \softline
Hitchcock was published in the mid-1980s. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab Though well-versed in Shakespeare on stage, Cronyn was often limited \softline
to unpleasant,  weasely and sometimes sadistic characters in films; one of his \softline
nastiest portrayals was as the Hitleresque prison guard Munsey in Brute Force \softline
(1947). A somewhat less hissable Cronyn appeared in The Green Years (1946), \softline
wherein he portrayed the father of his real-life  wife Jessica Tandy, who was in \softline
fact two years older than he. Cronyn  had married Tandy in 1942, a union that \softline
was to last until the  actress' death in 1994. They worked together often on \softline
stage (The  Fourposter, The Gin Game) and in films (Batteries Not Included), \softline
and delighted in giving joint interviews where they'd confound and misdirect the \softline
interviewer. Despite health problems and the loss of one eye, Cronyn remained  \softline
gloriously active in films, television and stage into the 1990s. Mr Cronyn died \softline
on June 15, 2003, in Fairfield, Connecticut.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \tab For the Old Time Radio Researchers Group, I\'92m ________________, your \softline
announcer.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \f1 \par
}}